[Music]
very good dearest lovers of the
heart attention because I'm
preparing tonight's live show that's
going to leave us absolutely not
indifferent at all and I came across
this tweet in which Lidia Lozano makes
some pretty strong accusations against Fidel
in fact I'm going to put a piece
[Music]
mother of god she's saying in this in
this video that Fidel threatened her
telling her to be careful with the car
that to look at herself when she got in the car every
time which car had the
brake fluid and also and later on we
can say yes yes I have it saved
what happens causing I have it because
state of moving those incredible
accusations
this of course had its
corresponding complaint Fidel
reported her also I think for criminal I don't
know where that complaint went they talk about
her in this clip in which it is that Lydia
Lozano leader or rather not leaving some
barbarities and an absurdity on many
occasions incredible or rather we can't
trust what I did because
we're talking about a journalist who
well gave for life the daughter of  Albano do you
remember that tremendous nonsense that
happened recently? They gave news that
a bullfighter had died who had
died like 89 years ago and I think this would have been
one of their tremendous nonsense
because if not, Fidel would not have
sued her. I mean, it seems incredible to me, we
may like Rocio Carrasco more or less,
Fidel, but I think that spouting this kind
of savagery on a
television program has its consequences and I
think it had consequences. Not here on another occasion, they
gave another one. I don't say anything else about the
nuncio Carrasco and Antonio. There was a pact,
a supposed pact with many of the
children and he had to stick his tongue up his
ass and in fact we can see on his
face now in the video how am I going to put it
how scared he got,
this news will be chaos because Antonia told me what
has
shocked me is that nobody had to know about this
agreement, they talk about a pact that they
had agreed that nobody has to know about
this agreement, I don't know what, in the end,
Rocio Carrasco comes in on the phone and
puts Libya's batteries on, pay attention
first I want to ask the bullfighter
no  I have no idea, she's
freaking out, I have no
idea about all the papers,
now
that she hasn't talked about any pact, that
Antonio Avila started by saying the pact,
and then the other one calls her and sir, she hasn't
talked about any pact, it's mind-blowing,
mind-blowing, nothing here explains Rocío
Carrasco that she asks Lydia Lozano to
rectify, Lidia rectifies and the visa
that she is going to sue her, apart from the fact that Fidel has already
filed a complaint against her,
Lydia Lozano then tells in some
other program, for example in a salvo
unless that she met
Rosito and Fidel in court on some occasion
and they had a mocking attitude with her,
then here she tells another episode in which it got into
trouble because they met
Fidel and Rosito and they started laughing
in her face, I didn't tell my husband that
we should go somewhere else because it was
going to get into trouble, it got a little bit messed up, no,
in addition, she talks about insults and insults to which
the leader Osana responded yes,
in the end it seems that the
leader Sano lost a trial
quite a long story, it doesn't specify what I did,
specifically, I think that
this thing about the brake fluid
would surely be one of the reasons why they
gave him a pretty big sentence, he
had to pay more than 100,000 euros, which I
think is 90 euros plus costs, and
for it to be such a big sentence, it
has to be, let's say, an outrage,
incredible family because we've seen a
sentence in salvo, less to the
collaborators that arma, he doesn't sentence him to 5
thousand 6 thousand ten thousand euros,
Belén Esteban Ángela Portero had to pay for
accusing her of smuggling cocaine, look at
the set of stupid things that
this package woman must have said for her to have to
pay more than one hundred thousand euros,
but you know what's the worst part, I think that
this thing about the car, the
brake fluid and all that, I think that had to be
one of the things that were included
in that sentence, what happens is that I
was looking, I don't know if you
can help me, but he is
looking for
that sentence that is very specific and that
sentence, I have made it exact for those for whom she
was convicted, you know, the only thing I could
find was that it was her fault  anthony
david knows everything you're saying so that
the judge really
were many things, look if they were
things that even the issue of when the
tie is that it was everyone's, everyone's
highlights on the web or in a specific thing,
of everything that they collected, made or
was normal and so videos and videos and
videos it was a tremendous thing
but what I'm saying here, let's
see what I'm saying here, yes, so
condemned to more than one hundred thousand euros, that is,
all these things that are for which they
are sentenced, not for what they
are accused of and all the things
that they have put in court, they have not been
able to prove, no, they are not true and they
would be tremendous nonsense, as I said, and
she blames antonio david for her,
blaming no one because she says that she
called him as witnesses and antonia vino went and
that she did it because the saint in
fact here you have another title the price
that lydia lozano has paid for having
defended antonio vino and speaks to lydia
lozano in sálvame this last year, not that it
cost her very dearly because she  He stood
up for Antonio and why he
forbids him. Well, let's see, no matter how much
you believe yourself to be a person,
the statements you make are
your responsibility. You can also
come to Antonia Bienestar. Well, yes, she
saw Fidel doing a handstand on some
stairs, but in order to tell it or to
affirm it, I
have to prove that it's true, right? Or
else I say, well, Antonio David,
according to what this one says, according to what
the other one says, but when you're so
damned, more than a hundred thousand euros,
because what you said is an
outrage, no. And here we see her
completely, here we see her
completely blackmailed, but blackmailed,
and even more so with Rocío Carrasco, with a
very angry Rocío Carrasco on the phone.
[Music]
First, she
actually tells me that, well, that I
[Applause]
I tell you that she's praised for,
and if you find something, please send it to me
because I would like to know, I would like to
know what happened to the complaint for having
said these strong statements, because
the truth is, they are not nonsense. In other words, she
starts saying that Fidel
directly threatened her that she would have  Be careful every
time you get in the car to see if it had
brake fluid,
let's accuse them now and of an act of
vandalism, not almost terrorist, I wouldn't say
no and I would like to know what happened to this
complaint and if and if it is part of this one, of
this other one for which he had to pay more
than one hundred thousand euros, okay, but I'm telling you that's what
happens to him because the information in the
first place has to be
contrasted and especially when it involves the image of someone who, as I told you, I don't like Rocío Carrasco or Fidel either, but one thing is that and another thing is going to sign, to sign such things, there is nothing in sight until he maintains us, he is not even sure of what he says, no, when your
voice trembles, here no family who
thinks of you is always reading
with respect to the protagonists of the
video, please I send you a huge hug
[Music]